Now in this demo, we're first going to create a Cloud 9 environment.
If you're following this at home,
you don't actually need a Cloud 9 environment for CDK to work.
However,
this ensures us that we have a consistent environment to run our project in.
Secondly, we're going to install the AWS CDK in that Cloud 9 environment.
Third,
we're going to use the Python 3 virtual environment module to
create a virtual environment for our CDK project.
This will help manage our CDK dependencies for us.
Fourth,
we're going to initialize the default CDK Python app so
that we can deploy and build it later.
Now we're going to create our Cloud 9 environment.
AWS has cloud‑enabled IDE.
Now to create a Cloud 9 environment, go to services and look for Cloud 9.
Now in my case, I already have several Cloud 9 environments set up.
In your case, you may see a Getting Started screen.
Just make sure you click the Create environment button to create an environment.
In my case,
I'll select the Create environment button on the upper right‑hand corner.
Now I just need to give this Cloud 9 environment a name.
Let me just name this Test.
And then, for the most part, the default settings are fine.
However, there is one setting I will change, which is the platform.
I'm going to be changing the platform from Amazon Linux 2 to Ubuntu 18.04.
This will allow us to install dependencies more easily
because of the libraries available.
Another interesting thing about Cloud 9 is its cost‑saving capability.
So what Cloud 9 does is if you do not use the IDE for a period of time,
in this case 30 minutes,
then Cloud 9 will automatically stop the EC2 instance that it's running on.
This going to help save on costs if you're not using Cloud 9.
Afterwards, just click Next step and then create your Cloud 9 environment.
Now this may take some time to create.
However, I already have an environment set up for you.
Now this is a environment that I've named CDK that I'm
going to be using for the class.
Now Cloud 9 has a fully working Linux terminal here at the bottom.
I can also open files.
I can put whatever input I want in this file and save it wherever I want.
Now I can type whatever I want again in the file,
and then it will save into the EC2 instance that this Cloud 9 environment is running on.